In Python every variable name is a reference. When we pass a variable to a function, a new reference to the object is created.
But if we assign something else inside function to that variable that link is broken.


Anonymous functions- functions without the name.
	cube = lambda  x: x*x*x


Yield in python- 
The yield statement suspends function’s execution and sends a value back to the caller, but retains enough state to enable function to resume where it is left off. When resumed, the function continues execution immediately after the last yield run. This allows its code to produce a series of values over time, rather than computing them at once and sending them back like a list.


Python | __import__() function --- This is used to import modules at runtime.


In python range objects are not iterators. range is a class of a list of immutable objects. The iteration behavior of range is similar to iteration behavior of list in list and range we can not directly call next function. We can call next if we get an iterator using iter.


All the arguments to right of default agr must be default agrs.


filter()----- The filter() method filters the given sequence with the help of a function that tests each element in the sequence to be true or not.
filter(function, sequence)--- seq can be list, tuple, set, string, dict or any iterator


map()--------map() function returns a list of the results after applying the given function to each item of a given iterable (list, tuple etc.)


reduce()-----
The reduce(fun,seq) function is used to apply a particular function passed in its argument to all of the list elements mentioned in the sequence passed along. This function is defined in “functools” module.

Working : At first step, first two elements of sequence are picked and the result is obtained. Next step is to apply the same function to the previously attained result and the number just succeeding the second element and the result is again stored. This process continues till no more elements are left in the container. The final returned result is returned and printed on console.